Sameer Dehadrai Page: 1
Assignment – 20
Changing Values through Views.
1) Which of these views are updateable (will allow DML operations)?
#1 Create View Dailyorders
as Select Distinct cnum, snum, onum, odate from Orders;
-->
	 yes

#2 Create View Custotals
as Select cname, Sum (amt) Sum_Amt from Orders, Customers 
where Orders.cnum=Customers.cnum 
Group by cname;
-->
	Views are note updatable which consists of join.

#3 Create view Thirdorders
as Select * from Dailyorders 
where odate=‟03-OCT-1990‟;
-->
	 not updatable due to distinct keyword in dailyorders;

#4 Create view Nullcities 
as Select snum, sname, city
from Salespeople 
where city is NULL 
OR sname BETWEEN „A‟ and „MZ‟;
-->
	yes

2) Create a view of the Salespeople table called Commissions. This view will 
include only the snum and comm fields. Through this view, someone could enter 
or change commissions, but only to values between .10 and .20.
-->
	step 1= CREATE VIEW commission AS
		SELECT snum,
       		comm
		FROM salespeople
		WHERE comm BETWEEN .10 AND .20;

	step 2= SELECT * FROM commission;

	step 3= INSERT INTO commission
		VALUES(3000,.4);

 		--1 row created.

		SELECT * FROM commission;
		SELECT * FROM salespeople;

3) Some SQL implementations have a built-in constant representing the current date, 
sometimes called “CURDATE” or “SYSDATE”. The word SYSDATE can 
therefore be used in a SQL statement, and be replaced by the current date when 
the value is accessed by commands such as Select or Insert. We will use a view of 
the Orders table called Entryorders to insert rows into the Orders table. Create the 
Orders table, so that SYSDATE is automatically inserted for odate if no value is 
given. Then create the Entryorders view so that no values can be given.
-->
	Suppose if you have a view named view1 on table t
	And if you apply another view on this view named view2
	And now if you make update on view 2 then it will be made on the table t;

	But remember if you have used distinct keyword in base view then the identifier in view2
	will be virtual view and they will not allow to update.
